# DA2I Dashboard

How can meaningful access to information contribute to advancing the UN Sustainable Development Goals?

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

If you don't have ```virtualenv``` installed already, install it by running the following:
```
pip install virtualenv
```

### Installing

To set up a development environment:

1) Create a new virtual environment with Python 3.6

```
python3 -m venv venv
```

2) Activate the new virtual environment
```
$ source venv/bin/activate
```
3) Install dependencies from requirements.txt
```
(venv) $ pip install -r requirements.txt
```


## Built With

* [Dash by Plotly](https://plot.ly/products/dash/) - The web framework used


## Data

The DA2i 2020 Update.zip archive is a downloaded version of the [DA2I Data Updater](https://drive.google.com/open?id=109ZlWdCkBGuFgMVqa6TE3FeBb5orJHWq) Google Sheet used to compile a single CSV from a variety of sources.  The archive contains a summary of data sources, the raw data used in the 2020 update, and the sheets used to produce the CSV.  

The DA2I_Indicator_Database.csv file is combined with other CSVs from the DA2i_Database to create the data object directly used by the dashboard.

### Public Data & the ICT Skills Data
All data except for the ICT Skills chart comes from public sources.  The ICT Skills data comes from a propretary source and must remain in a private.

The Data Updater sheet expects the raw form of the ICT data in the IS.raw sheet, which will contribute to the final CSV.

Once the CSV is generated, the ICT data (indicator names begin with IS.*) needs to be seperated from the main csv before it is added to the open source repository.  This data is stored in a private repository.

You may either use the Public or Private database file.  The Private database file may be generated by including the private ICT data or else can be downloaded from its own private repository maintained at [Tascha’s Github](https://github.com/tascha/DA2I-Private-Data).

Running the dashboard with only public data will not produce errors.  Rather the ICT Skills chart will simply say "No Data Available"

* Note, there appears to be an error with the data for US house holds with internet, which reported only 62% in 2019. This is removed from the Private CSV and if data is updated again, will have to be checked or removed.

* Saudia Arabia data for ind.internet.female was manually corrected to 79.0%


## Liscense
This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

## Authors

* **Maria Garrido** 
* **Manisha Vyas** 
* **Lucas Koepke**
* **Erin McAweeney** 
* **Clint Posey** 
* **Daniel Rekshan** 

